Docs: Introduce abandonment message for js, scss exporters and form-validations (#2256)
lmc-eu/spirit-design-system: exporters/scss/README.md

[Supernova][supernova-studio] SCSS exporter made for Spirit Design System developed by [Alma Career (formerly LMC)][alma-career].

> [!CAUTION]

> > This package is no longer maintained and abandoned, effective December 1 2025. Please, consider migration to [Spirit Tokens Exporter][spirit-tokens-exporter].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This package is no longer maintained and is abandoned, effective December 1st 2025. Please consider migration to a newer version of Spirit and to [Spirit Tokens Exporter][spirit-tokens-exporter].
```

Author: Fixed.
